so party going on
but not we're the owners I suppose
because it's a new boat in town which is
huge dilbar it must been arrived today
because this evening I didn't film it I
didn't film it yeah well it wasn't here
today I have daytime shots from today
but this one is just spectacular it's so
massive like I cannot define for film 10
meters from it it's too close
I should like have it drawn or something
is sickness shape
Finbarr
if you hear something going on there
another conditioning or bidets
have this huge big thing here I know
what that is
something
this thing is massive
it's like what could be seven to ten
stories high so I wonder what kind of
harbours could conquer on tip or could
beat on tip in terms of Mia Gaia this is
super yachts Kara get exhausted just
walking around it
gorgeous gorgeous boat arrived today
April Antibes okay bye-bye from eight
from Antibes and I will jump into my
boat now
uh-huh see you have a great Friday
evening